How to Play the xbow mirror mu: 

Overall you want to be the aggressor in the beginning of the match, so you are the one trying to get the damage onto your opponents tower.

Something you shouldn’t do is be over aggressive as it can cost you the game, even if you are up a lot of damage (especially in single elixir).

When you defensive xbow make sure its in the anti fb placement so they dont get fb value on the weak side of your tower, if they have musky u either have to place your xbow one tile lower while will allow them to fb ur xbow and the weak side tower, or you need be mindful that they will try to snipe your xbow.

Opening plays would be to cycle your cheap cards for chip, if they cycle
archers in the back, you either can xbow on offense, defensive xbow so they
cant go on offense, or just defend lightly.

Just be careful that they might place an offensive xbow.
If you go on offense be ready for them to xbow in the middle with a mini tank or mini tank+tesla on ur xbow (if they do this they usually have knight). 
If you let ur push die to knight + tesla you are not in a good position so try to force out some extra elixir and or try to make sure they can’t get a prediction off. 
If they go on the offensive you should try to knight tesla (if you are using knight), or xbow and place a mini tank to protect your xbow from their xbow. 

If your opponent does a defensive xbow, you either
1- can mini tank then xbow (should only do this if you are ahead in damage and even then it’s still risky) 
2- fb the xbow cycle troops in the back then defensive or offensive xbow depending if you are ahead in damage or not.

Then in the middle of triple you should try to spell cycle if you are leading
by a bit. 
If you are down a good amount you need to try for an xbow connection which will be very hard in triple, so don’t fall behind in triple. 

Imo card counting and elixir tracking is very important so you know when to xbow on offense, and when you can possibly get a tesla prediction because it was either very obvious they were going to xbow, or you knew their card cycle and their elixir.

 Even knowing this people will try to trick you into doing a prediction tesla, so be careful as failing a prediction is bad. Other useful information is if their xbow connects onto ur xbow don't keep placing cycle troops to block and try to dps their xbow as quickly as possible. 

Then also if u are on defense and ur xbow connects onto theirs in single u probably shouldnt be protecting ur xbow anymore (depending if ur xbow will kill theirs or not) in single as u wont be able to cycle to another to have one for offense and defense.